[Goku] Hey, it's me, Goku!
[Krillin] Goku.
We've got some serious trouble
on our hands down here.
And now these Ginyu guys
have the Dragon Balls, too!
[Gohan] We just barely managed
to get by the one named Guldo.
But these others
are just too strong!
Where are you, Dad?
[Krillin] Hurry up,
Goku! We need you!
[Goku] Just hang on,
guys. I'm almost there!
I... I have a feeling the
real hell is about to begin.
♪ Openging Song ♪
[humming]
Ah!
Oh, damn it all!
Phewww!
I should be more careful.
I can't afford to
lose one of these...
No... Frieza wouldn't
like that one bit.
[Recoome chuckling]
[growls]
My turn, Vegeta...
Whadda ya' say...?
Let's do this thing.
[Recoome] Your little
friends can play, too...
Come at me all at once
if you want, I don't care.
Those cheap tricks you used on
Guldo aren't gonna work on me.
[Jeice]
Hey, easy Recoome...!
Don't go killin' 'em
all off yourself...
We get the two runts, remember?
Jerk...!
I hate these guys...!
Now you--!
Feel the power--!
Of--! Recoooooome!
[growls]
Rrrrrrrrgghh!
[yelling]
Aaaaaaaahhh!
Hey... Burter...
You reading what I'm reading?
Looks like Vegeta's
power level just shot up
by over thirty thousand.
[Recoomes yells]
Aaaaaahhh!!
[explosion]
Boooom!!
Aaahh!!
Get down!
This ends now!
He... He did it...
[Krillin] Wow... That
wasn't even a contest...
It's scary how strong
Vegeta's gotten.
He totally blew
that guy away!
No wait... there...
you feel that?
That power...!
It's him...! He's alive!
No. That's crazy...
He couldn't be... right?
[Recoome laughing]
Hahahahahaha!
Hi!
Eyyah! Whoa... No way...!
And he's laughing...?! You
mean, he took all that and...
and it... didn't
even faze him?!
All right...! Good
warm-up... Now let's go!
[Jeice sighs]
Hhhhhhh...
There he goes again,
trying to show off in
front of the weaklings.
Meanwhile, we get
covered in dust.
I am definitely goingh to
send him the cleaning bill.
So, you ready to
play for real, Vegeta?
Recoooooooooome Kick!!
Yeeeeeaaahaw!
No...! Vegeta!
[Recoome laughing]
That's not bad Vegeta.
You've got some good moves,
but let's see
how tough you really are.
Recoome...! Elbow!!
[Both]
Get him!
[Recoome]
Too slow!
[splash]
[Recoome laughing]
Hahahahaha!
[Recoome] Ohhhh!!!
[Vegeta] Oh!!
Good...! That was a
real nice try... But--!
[Recoome] You lose!
[yelling]
[Recoome snickering]
Hey there...Vegeta...
you still with me?
You haven't gone and kicked the
bucket on me yet, have ya'...?
[laughing]
Hahah! Hahah!
[Recoome] Ohhh!!
Is it over?
[Recoome] Right!
Ups-a-daisy...!
Oh no...
Now you're fightin' dirty...
Just the way I like it.
[Jeice snickers]
Heh heh heh...
Here it comes...
Recoome's gonna go wild.
[Burter] He always does...
This could get ugly.
[Recoome] If you got any
more moves you wanna try,
now's the time...
Otherwise, I'm gonna go
ahead an' kill you. Okay?
[thinking] Damnit... Is there
no stopping him...?!
I knew he was
strong, but this...
This is ridiculous!
He's just been toying with me...
Shrugging off my attacks
like they were nothing!
If I don't think of
something, and quickly...
I might as well give up!
[Krillin] Gohan...
Yeah...?
Listen... If Vegeta
goes down here...
Then those freaks are
gonna come after next...
And... And when they do...
we can't beat 'em...
We won't have a chance.
At this point...
I'm thinkin' it's
all or nothing...
You with me?
Yeah. Right!
It's time...! To...! Die!
[laughing] Bye...! Real nice
knowin' ya, Vegeta.
'Kay... Ready...?
It's... now or never...
I doubt Vegeta has enough
strength left to dodge
another one of the
big guy's attacks.
He's a goner unless
we get him outta there!
Right!
Recoome...!
Eraser... Gun!!
Vegeta!
Brat...! Get off me...!
Do you really think
I needed your help?!
Fools...! What good did
saving me accomplish...?
Huh...?! You... You
could've used that opening
to attack Recoome instead!
Argh! Stupid!
Your complete lack
of battle-sense makes
me want to throwup!
Check out the size
a'that crater...
Man... if any of us'd taken
that shot full force...
I don't wanna think about it.
[Recoome] Oh... Little
sneak attack... Not bad.
You surprised me.
That pop you gave me
on the top of my head
made me close my mouth...
I got a feelin'...
I'm gonna be pretty upset
next time I look in a mirror.
Hey...! Jeice...! Burter!
Do me a favor; let me take
the little ones, too...!
Okay...? Please...? C'mon,
you don't mind, do ya?
Guess we're screwed...
All right...! Go
ahead--take 'em all...!
They're yours... But later...
you're treating me and Jeice
to hot chocolate
sundaes, you got it?
Awesome!
You heard 'im, maggot.
You're all mine now.
Re-cooooome... Kick!
Krillin!
C'mon, please be okay!
Oh... wow...
You know...
I think he just...
broke every... bone
in my... body...
with that... one kick.
He's just... too strong...
Eheheh... It's not fair...
Even after the Grand
Elder... raised my power
...I'm still... com...
pletely worthless...
Don't say that, Krillin...!
You have to hold on...!
Please, you have to!
No... It's okay...
It's... It's over...
They're...too ...strong...
Too...fast... And they...
have...all of the
Dragon Balls...
There's nothing we can do.
Aw...! I goofed, didn't I...?
Guess I should'a eased
back on the power some...!
I was hopin' I'd get to toy
around with him a little longer.
[Recoome] You know...
really have some fun!
You...big jerk...! This...
This isn't over...!
I'm not giving up yet!
[laughing]
Hahahahaha!!
Well... You will!
[laughing]
[yelling]
[explosion]
[Gohan screaming]
Dad... Where are you...?
No. Like I said--I'm
not giving up!
[Frieza] Outstanding, Captain
Ginyu, simply outstanding.
Once again, you have
exceeded my expectations.
Not only did you recover
all seven Dragon Balls,
but you did it with
such apparent ease
that I'm upset with
myself for not having
called your men in sooner.
Praise from you is high
praise, indeed, Lord Frieza.
Nothing could fill
me with greater pride.
At last, eternal
life will be mine!
It's right here, in
the palm of my hand.
I want to savor the moment!
[Ginyu] This calls for
a special performance,
to commemorate the occasion.
In your honor...
The Dance of Joy!
[Ginyu]
Feel the joy!
Um... Perhaps you could
do that for me the next time.
Whatever you say.
[Frieza laughing]
Nyahahahahaha!!
I still can't believe it,
my dream of immortality
is about to come true!
I don't mind
admitting it to you...
I'm a bit excited.
And why not?
In a few seconds,
you'll cement your place
as supreme ruler of
the universe, forever!
Now... my Dragon Balls...!
I, Frieza, command you
to grant my wish of
immortality and eternal youth!
[yelling]
Aaaaahhh!!!
[thinking]
W-What is this...?
This... deep
foreboding I sense...
The Grand Elder...
He's in danger...
the evil ones will soon
come for him, I know it...
Forgive me, earthlings...
But I'm afraid I have a greater
duty that I must uphold!
Strange... Nothing's
happening, is it...
Maybe it's already done.
Do you feel immortal yet?
[Frieza] No...
No, I don't think so...
Why...? What's wrong?
Here...just take it, if
that's what you want...
It's not going to do
you any good, anyway...
Even if you outworlders
gather all seven,
you'll never be able
to unlock their power!
[Frieza] Of course...! What
that second Namekian Elder said,
when I took his
Dragon Ball from him.
At the time, I thought he
was just being a sore loser...
But he said, "You outworlders"
will never unlock their power...
"You outworlders!"
There must some sort
of key required
to use the Dragon Balls!
Some secret ritual or something
known only to the Namekians,
that will unlock their
power and grant wishes!
So, What is it...?!
A password...?!
A location...?! Some specific
way of arranging the balls?!
I need a Namekian here! Now!
That may be a slight problem.
Are there even any
Namekians left?
Well, I just found
Vegeta and the others...
I suppose it's possible that
he or one of his little friends
might have the
answers we need...
In that case, I'll call
off my men right away,
and tell them to bring
them back for questioning!
Oh...? Hmm, wait. Redirect your
scouter to coordinate 8829401.
If I'm not mistaken,
I'm reading what would appear
to be two more Namekians...
And as a bonus,
there's also a third reading
moving towards their location.
Since we never
attacked that area,
it seems these three
have been lucky enough
to escape our
attention until now.
Just leave it to me.
I'll track them down
and force them
to tell me how to make the
Dragon Balls grant your wish.
No, that won't be necessary.
I think it would be best
if I talked to them myself.
After all, in my time here,
I've managed to gain quite
a bit of experience
dealing with the natives.
While I'm gone, I will trust
you to watch the Dragon Balls.
Right...! You can
count on me...!
I will guard them with my life!
Good luck, Lord Frieza!
Now... you're mine,
Namekians...! Hahahahaha!!
Right...! Here we go!
Recoome! Boooomer!
[explosions]
[Recoome laughing]
Oh! Here I am!
[Gohan screaming]
[Recoome laughing]
Just... stay down...
Gohan... please...
[Recoome laughing]
[Gohan] I've... gotta
be strong... like Dad...
He'd... keep... fighting...
I won't... I won't give up...!
Well...! Look'it you!
Still comin'...!
You're a tough one!
Guess they grow 'em
stubborn on your planet, huh?
Ha...! And I should know...!
I'm stubborn too!
I won't quit...!
I won't let you win...!
[Gohan yelling]
[surprise]
[crash]
[despair]
[beeping]
Hmph... So much
for that one...
His power level just
crashed down to zero.
What'd you expect?... I heard
his neck snap from here.
[Krillin] Gohan...
That...pathetic
little...runt...
And... here I thought... he'd
actually gained some strength...
What a jip... You guys were
all just a bunch of pushovers.
Seriously. I didn't even get
a chance to break a sweat!
I don't know why Frieza'd
even bother callin'
in the Ginyu Force to
deal with you losers...
Guess I'll just finish you all
off and be done with it.
What...?
[Jeice] It's landing...
[Narrator] At last,
Goku's ship has touched
down on Planet Namek!
But with Gohan and the others
hanging on by a thread,
has our hero arrived too late?!
Find out--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Gohan! Krillin! I'm sorry
I cut it so close there,
but everything's okay now.
I'll take care of all three of
these guys, don't you worry.
[Vegeta] Impossible!
Kakarot's power level
has gone up exponentially!
Somehow, he's surpassed
his own Saiyan limitations!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Gohan] Wow! My dad
really is the greatest!